---
layout: post
title:  "Mini-Project 1: Intro to Technical Writing" 
date:   2020-06-01 08:00:00
category: projects
author: Jason Loan 
---

In Kristen Dayle Welch's ["Poetry, Visual Design and the How-To Manual: Creativity and the Teaching of Technical Writing"](https://ezproxy-h.pierce.ctc.edu/login?url=https://search-proquest-com.ezproxy-h.pierce.ctc.edu/docview/237307200?accountid=2280) she mentions a project she uses to help introduce students to Technical Writing:

> "...I asked students to bring in Lego bricks to build something of their own design. They were asked to write down each step and then have someone try it out. I added that they had to take a digital photograph of each step as well...The students built and rebuilt their projects, composed their how-to texts, added pictures, and then posted them online. The next class was on 'usability testing,' which required a classmate to try out the instructions and then give the writer feedback. The sets of instructions were then posted with needed revisions."

For our first mini-project we're going to try for ourselves the project Welch sketches out in her article.

#### Try this:

* Create an original lego design that utilizes 10 - 15 pieces (no more, no less).
* Compose an instruction set for your design that can be delivered via a digital file or non-digital document -- PowerPoint, Word, PDF, HTML, etc. The delivery medium/fomat is up to you, but your instruction set must contain both images and words.
* Have someone in class attempt to use your instruction set to rebuild your design -- conduct a "useability test" -- and offer you feedback on the instruction set.To assist in sharing our instructional sets with potential builders you can share files to this folder.Timeline/DeadlinesOur goal will be to finish drafting instructions sets during our workshop period.If time permits, we'll conduct usability tests and feedback. Otherwise we'll open next week with testing and feedback.
#### Timeline/Deadlines

Our goal will be to finish drafting instructions sets during our workshop period. If time permits, we'll conduct usability tests and feedback. If not, we'll open next class with testing and feedback.